# Changelog Details

### 0.7.0 (Aug 11, 2024) ###
* Rebrand the plugin from "ClaraPress" to "PloverToc":
    * The WordPress Plugin Review Team warned of infringement on the WordPress trademark by virtue of the portmanteau effect in which the "Press" part in "ClaraPress" was deemed as a composition of Clara and WordPress and hence a violation of the WordPress trademark policy. 
    * This also meant I had to abandon my ClaraPress.com domain name and move to a new one, namely PloverHub.com

### 0.6.3 (Jul 1, 2024) ###
* Fix errors and warnings as per the online WordPress playground with Plugin Check plugin
  * oddly enough, the plugin check tool is not able to detect these when hosting on local

### 0.6.2 (Jul 1, 2024) ###
* Fix general errors and warnings generated by WordPress' Plugin Check plugin
  * releases should not contain .keep files
  * short description should be within 150 characters

### 0.6.0 (Jun 30, 2024) ###
* Added customizable heading levels for TOC using top_level and depth shortcode attributes.
* Implemented a filter clarapress_toc_summary_text to allow overriding the summary text in the TOC.
* Added localization support for summary text using the __() function and text domain clarapress-toc.
* Ensured compatibility with PHP 8.0+ and WordPress 6.4+
* Added a section for styling guidelines and provided an HTML template for users to see CSS classes to target.
* Updated documentation to include usage examples and customization options.
* Added SiteNavigationElement schema to enhance SEO with an option to enable/disable it via shortcode attribute schema.

### 0.5.0 (Jun 27, 2024) ###
* Workout a Github Action to automate the release process whenever a new tag is pushed to the repository.

### 0.1.0 (Nov 4, 2023) ###
* Initial commit of working code for the benefit of everyone who needs this plugin
